docs/README.md, before:

## [Home](http://lib-nexus.github.io/site) | [Docs](https://lib-nexus.github.io/site/docs) | [Blog](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ) | [My Media](https://lib-nexus.github.io/site/my/media) | [My Projects](https://lib-nexus.github.io/site/my/projects) | [Tutorials](https://lib-nexus.github.io/site/my/tutorials)

## Documentation galore!

Did you not get a link to the exact documentation path that you needed to look at? Or maybe are you just seeing what i'm up to? Below is a table to help you find the projects you're looking for!

| Project | Description | Docs Link | Downloadable? | Language |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| QEtils | A library of utilities for QE School | [QEtils Docs](https://lib-nexus.github.io/site/docs/QEtils) | Yes | `Python` |
| Qtools | A more advanced library that can be used by most anyone. It's most prominent feature being customisable command prompy-like environment with custom command support | [Qtools Docs](https://lib-nexus.github.io/site/docs/Qtools) | Not currently | `Python` |
| LocalChat | A simple chat program made to be run across a LAN | [None](https://lib-nexus.github.io/site/docs/notexist) | Not currently | `C#` |
| AdvText | A text editor made specifically for students, inspired by my need for a good portable text editor | [None](https://lib-nexus.github.io/site/docs/notexist) | Note currently | `C#` |

Commit message:

Site Update
Major site update to links and the way the site works overall

docs/README.md, after:

## [Home](http://libnexus.github.io/Site) | [Docs](https://libnexus.github.io/Site/docs) | [Blog](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ) | [Tutorials](https://libnexus.github.io/Site/tutorials) | [A-Level](https://libnexus.github.io/Site/a-level) | [Contact](https://libnexus.github.io/Site/contact) | [Résumé](https://libnexus.github.io/Site/résumé)

QEtils are utilities that are meant to either aid the learning of python at my school or provide help to more easily do things. This is something that i came up with on my endless quest to find something that i actually want to dedicate some of my time to and not give up on half way through finishing.

Because of it being a library comprised of different modules, the modules below are listed as well as the links to their respective documentation

| Module Name | Description | Year Recommendation | Documentation Link | Up? |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| HelloWorld | A simple HelloWorld class meant to teach the basics of handling a string | 7 | [Docs Link](https://libnexus.github.io/site/docs/QEtils/HelloWorld) | Yes |
| Formatting | The ability to import colours to spice up the way your console looks! | 8+ | [Docs Link](https://libnexus.github.io/site/docs/QEtils/Formatting) | Yes |
| FileHandler | A class meant to make handling files easier when it comes to it | 9+ | [Docs Link](https://libnexus.github.io/site/docs/QEtils/FileHandler) | Yes |
| BetterVar | Modules for instances of better variables | 9+ | [Docs Link](https://libnexus.github.io/site/docs/QEtils/BetterVar) | Yes |
| Sherlock | A few modules for the use/teachings for the basics of cybersecurity and other logical thinking, including regex, caeser cipher, etc | 9+ | [Docs Link](https://libnexus.github.io/site/docs/QEtils/Sherlock) | No |
| SimpleServer | A pre-made web server class that allows you to take web requests and handle giving information back, not too much configurablity but stil helpful | 10+ | [Docs Link](https://libnexus.github.io/site/docs/QEtils/SimpleServer) | No |
| THUD | Modules that adds a little mischief, none are dangerous enough to cause any real damage however | 11 | [Docs Link](https://libnexus.github.io/site/docs/QEtils/THUD) | No |
| APWhy | A collection of modules deliberately made to be hard to work with, meant to test whoever's using them's ability to look at documentation carefully and work with what information they have, showing skills in logical thinking and adaptation | 12+ | [Docs Link](https://libnexus.github.io/site/docs/QEtils/APWhy)

### [Download from PyPi](https://pypi.org/project/QEtils/)
### Likewise use the command either `pip install QEtils` or `python -m pip install QEtils`
